Hi everyone!
Virtual Youtuber,
Kizuna Ai here!
It's a bit sudden but,
I...
want to be merchandises!
I want to make Ai-chan goods!
Aren't famous people
have their own goods?
As means of income.. too.
I don't know when the day will come but
I'll try doing lots of things from now!
What kinds of goods would be nice...
is what I've been trying to think but..
but really
Something that would show my best appeal
would be a good option, right?
Why would you ask?
It would feel like something special.
As you hold it on your hands..
I want you to feel deeply moved by it!
So...!
I've come with an idea!
Figure!
A smaller version of me
will go to each of your place!
Isn't this
also musubi?
[I meant "a sense of being connected"]
I went with the figure idea from the start, but
I..
I'm still a newbie and on a tight budget..
I don't have anything but this costume
That's why!
Posing is really important!
Clean pose?
Energetic pose?
or..
Sexy pose~
I think something like showing my body line
is related to my sexiness!
It's important, huh?
Sexiness.
Let's posing!
Alright!
I tried to take some poses but
Did you have any favorites out of those?
But before I had a figurine..
I could get something like gravure job?
I..
I really mean it!
I wish for my figure release
if you support that notion I'll be happy!
I'll be in your care!
I wanna be goods,
I wanna be goods, I wanna be goods,
I wanna be goods, I wanna be goods, I wanna be goods,
I wanna be goods, I wanna be goods, I wanna be goods, I wanna be goods,
I wanna be goods, I wanna be goods, I wanna be goods, I wanna be goods, I wanna be goods,
I wanna be goods, I wanna be goods, I wanna be goods, I wanna be goods, I wanna be goods, I wanna be goods,
I wanna be goods,
I wanna be goods...